aavga: Simple svgalib dropin replacement that utilizes aalib.
this includes aalib statically linked.  get aalib from:
ftp://ftp.ta.jcu.cz/pub/aa/
the aa-project webpage is at:
http://www.ta.jcu.cz/aa/

Big thanks to the AA-project people, bb kicks ass, aa kicks big ass, and it
made this whole thing so damn easy it's not even funny.  Since sdoom should
run with this, I hope I'm helpful in attaining some of your world-dominance
goals.

Read this whole document before proceeding, as there is some importance to
removing suid root on the programs before running them with the new libvga.

Just copy aavga.so to /usr/lib/libvga.so.1.2.13 (make sure that the version
number is larger than the version number on any real libvga) and run
ldconfig and run squake or any other really simple svgalib program.  You'll
probably want to make a non-suid-root copy of squake for this fiddling, as
aavga does not give up root.  To revert to real svgalib, just delete the new
libvga you have copied in, and run ldconfig, and it will recognize the
'older' (real) svgalib.

in 80x25 text mode, it looks recognizable.  In 160x60 text mode, it looks
pretty.  If you have a textmode that is not an even divisor of 320x200,
don't be surprised at the empty space.  it can't really be helped without
some serious speed sacrifices.  best theoretical mode is: 160x100.  worst is
80x25.

The keyboard driver is fudged a little.  It will usually (bugs are fun, I
don't care) consider a key to be held down until another one is released. 
Making navigation quite fun.  I'd recommend finding an unbound key to press
to stop yourself.  I'd fix this, but, uh, it's all the "oh, wow, 160x60
text-mode quake...WOW!" thing, and I don't intend to actually play this.

aavga is copyright (C) Greg Alexander <galexand@sietch.bloomington.in.us>,
and is to be distributed under the terms of the GNU Public License, to be
found in the file COPYING that you should have received with this program. 
There is no warranty, express or implied.  Especially if you forget to take
away the suid root on your svgalib programs, this might actually be
dangerous.  SO BE CAREFUL!

Feel free to modify it and whatever.  I'd appreciate it if any modifications
that are made would make it back to me.  I don't think I've done a very good
job with this, but I was the first to try it.  I expect that if anyone
actually wants to use this even pseudo-seriously, they will need to improve
it tremendously from my base; most notably, a more direct keyboard driver is
needed.  I'd also like to hear any success stories for anything other than
quake and maybe doom (sdoom had essentially the same video driver as squake
in the way that it interfaced with svgalib at 320x200).

Have fun!
